Happy 3rd monthsary mahal ko. i don't know where begin mahal hahahaha kasi for every day naman we do always have a long sweet message. Pero syempre yun at iba to, kasi mas special to para sa mahal ko
and if I have anything to tell you right now yun ay ang mahal na mahal kita mahal. Yes i know alam mo nayan na mahal na mahal kita and I won't get tired telling you that mahal na mahal kita higit sa buhay ko 
you're part of my routine every day bianca, kaya kung may routine work may routine bianca ako every day. You're always my routine love, kaya loving you is part of my daily routine, without it, i'd rather die because I can't.
Your love has changed me so very much. The person who is afraid to love and to trust again changed because of your love. I know we face many challenges, to dispute and intense argue even small tampuhan, yet we remain strong and stronger. 
Yung hindi natin hinahayaan na matulog nalang tayong hindi okay, at may mga problema. Siguro pag sa iba yan wala na sumuko na, at napagod na totally. Especially sa mga Long distance relationship na kagaya natin.
Kasi tayo even LDR diba yung monthly hamon sa atin ni God kakayanin natin. Siguro nga pag mahal mo lahat kakayanin and despite all challenges of God for us we always choose to love and God is always a center of our relationship.
Mahal ko excited na akong makasama ka at mag papayapos lang ako sayo buong araw hihihihi. Kasi nga Life is short, time is fast so let's enjoy every moment as it comes. Mahal ko you make me complete.
You make me smile even when i have no reason to. When everything in my life is going wrong, you corrected it of your love. I love you mahal, I love you as always from the first kung pano kita mahal
until the last ganon at ganon pa din kitang mamahalin. Happy 3rd monthsary mahal and more monthsary and anniversary to you mahal ko, sinta ko, babe ko, girlfriend ko, bianca ko, sisiw ko, asawa ko, buhay ko, mundo ko, kalawakan ko
my all in all I love you. Sei il mio ultimo amore
